# How to Use the ArkUI-X SDK for iOS Framework Development

## Overview
This tutorial describes how to use the ArkUI-X SDK for iOS Framework development, thereby implementing the display of the ArkTS-based declarative development paradigm on iOS. It covers the following topics:

* Cross-platform library project development
* Use of the iOS Framework in an app project

### Integrating the ArkUI-X SDK for iOS Framework Development
You can use ACE Tools or DevEco Studio to integrate the ArkUI-X SDK for iOS framework development.
* ACE Tools
1. Run **ace create** to create a cross-platform app project. In this example, the project name is **demo** and the project type is **library**.
    ```
    ace create [project]
    ```
2. Run **ace build framework** to build the iOS Framework library.
    ```
    ace build framework
    ```
* DevEco Studio
1. Create a cross-platform library project.
2. Run **build app** to build the iOS Framework library.

### Using the iOS Framework in an App Project

Use Xcode to create an iOS app project, and delete header files and source files automatically generated by Xcode. For details about the files, see [Integrating the ArkUI SDK into an iOS Project](https://gitee.com/arkui-x/docs/blob/ArkUI-X-5.0-Beta1/en/application-dev/tutorial/how-to-integrate-arkui-into-ios.md). Import **myframework.framework** and **libarkui_ios.framework** to the project.
**AppDelegate**
* AppDelegate.h
```objective-c
#import <UIKit/UIKit.h>

 #import <myframework/ArkUIAppDelegate.h>
 @interface AppDelegate : ArkUIAppDelegate


 @end
```
* AppDelegate.m
```objective-c
 #import "AppDelegate.h"

 @interface AppDelegate ()

 @end

 @implementation AppDelegate

 @end
```

Now you can build an ArkUI iOS app according to the iOS app building process.
