en/application-dev/quick-start/start-overview.md, before:

# Before You Start

This document is intended for novices at ArkUI-X application development. It will introduce you to the ArkUI-X application development process, from setting up the environment to creating, building, and running a project.

Before you start, you may want to acquaint yourself with the basic concepts about ArkUI and ArkUI-X.

## Basic Concepts

### ArkUI

ArkUI is a declarative UI development framework for building distributed applications. It provides simple and natural UI syntax, diverse array of UI components, multi-dimensional status management, and real-time UI preview tools, helping you improve application development efficiency and achieve vivid and smooth user experience across devices. For details, see [ArkUI Overview](https://gitee.com/openharmony/docs/blob/master/en/application-dev/ui/arkui-overview.md).

### ArkUI-X

ArkUI-X is a cross-platform framework that extends ArkUI to multiple OS platforms – OpenHarmony, Android, and iOS, with more to come. With ArkUI-X, you can use one set of common code to develop high-performance applications supporting multiple platforms.


## Development Tools

You can develop an ArkUI-X application with a combination of your preferred text editor and the command line tool ACE Tools, or, more efficiently, with DevEco Studio – an IDE that provides cross-platform filtering and usage tips for ArkTS APIs, as well as various other useful features such as intelligent code editing and bidirectional preview.

### IDE: DevEco Studio

1. To work with ArkUI-X, your DevEco Studio must be V4.0 Beta2. For details about how to download DevEco Studio, see [Version Mapping](https://gitee.com/openharmony/docs/blob/master/en/release-notes/OpenHarmony-v4.0-beta2.md#version-mapping).

2. With DevEco Studio installed, [configure the ArkUI-X development environment](./start-with-dev-environment.md).

### Command Line Tool: ACE Tools

1. By default, ACE Tools is released with the ArkUI-X SDK. For details about how to obtain the ArkUI-X SDK, see [ArkUI-X SDK](../tools/how-to-use-arkui-x-sdk.md).

2. Configure the ArkUI-X development environment by following instructions in [Environment Setup](./start-with-ace-tools.md#environment-setup) and [Command Execution](./start-with-ace-tools.md#command-execution).

With a knowledge of the basic concepts and the required tools at hand, you can set out to develop your ArkUI-X application in the [ArkTS programming language](./start-with-ets-stage.md) with [DevEco Studio](./start-with-deveco-studio.md) or [ACE Tools](./start-with-ace-tools.md#how-to-use).

Commit message:

Upgrade to ArkUI-X-5.0.1-Release
Signed-off-by: mamingshuai <mamingshuai1@huawei.com>

en/application-dev/quick-start/start-overview.md, after:

# Before You Start

This document is intended for novices at ArkUI-X application development. It will introduce you to the ArkUI-X application development process, from setting up the environment to creating, building, and running a project.

Before you start, you may want to acquaint yourself with the basic concepts about ArkUI and ArkUI-X.

## Basic Concepts

### ArkUI

ArkUI is a declarative UI development framework for building distributed applications. It provides simple and natural UI syntax, diverse array of UI components, multi-dimensional status management, and real-time UI preview tools, helping you improve application development efficiency and achieve vivid and smooth user experience across devices. For details, see [ArkUI Overview](https://gitee.com/openharmony/docs/blob/master/en/application-dev/ui/arkui-overview.md).

### ArkUI-X

ArkUI-X is a cross-platform framework that extends ArkUI to multiple OS platforms – OpenHarmony, Android, and iOS, with more to come. With ArkUI-X, you can use a set of main code to develop high-performance applications supporting multiple platforms.


## Development Tools

You can develop an ArkUI-X application with a combination of your preferred text editor and the command line tool ACE Tools, or, more efficiently, with DevEco Studio – an IDE that provides cross-platform filtering and usage tips for ArkTS APIs, as well as various other useful features such as intelligent code editing and bidirectional preview.

### IDE: DevEco Studio

1. To work with ArkUI-X, your DevEco Studio must be V4.0 Release. For details about how to download DevEco Studio, see [Version Mapping](../../release-notes/ArkUI-X-v1.0.0-release.md#version-mapping).

2. Configure the ArkUI-X development environment. For details, see [Configuring Development Environment](./start-with-dev-environment.md).

### Command Line Tool: ACE Tools

1. By default, ACE Tools is released with the ArkUI-X SDK. For details about how to obtain the ArkUI-X SDK, see [ArkUI-X SDK](../tools/how-to-use-arkui-x-sdk.md). You are advised to use DevEco Studio to download the ArkUI-X SDK.

2. Configure the ArkUI-X development environment by following instructions in [Environment Setup](./start-with-ace-tools.md#environment-setup).

With a knowledge of the basic concepts and the required tools at hand, you can set out to develop your ArkUI-X application in the [ArkTS programming language](./start-with-ets-stage.md) with [DevEco Studio](./start-with-deveco-studio.md) or [ACE Tools](./start-with-ace-tools.md#creating-an-application).
<!--no_check-->
