# License and Copyright Notice Specifications

## Purpose

This document describes how code contributors, committers, and PMC members in the ArkUI-X community handle the license and copyright notices of repositories and source code files. It covers the following parts:

**(1) Copyright Notice**

**(2) License Notice**

**(3) Examples of Copyright and License Notices**

**(4) Third-Party Open-Source Software Usage Statement**

## Scope

This document applies only to the ArkUI-X community. It is not applicable to the scenario where the ArkUI-X project is used by individuals or enterprises to develop their products or the scenario where third-party open-source software is distributed. For details, see [Introducing Third-Party Open-Source Software](introducing-third-party-open-source-software.md).

**(1) Copyright Notice**

In principle, files in the open-source repository must have proper copyright notices. Developers can declare the copyright owner of the code when contributing code.

**Copyright notice format:**

**Copyright (C) [Year of the first release]-[Year of the current release] [Copyright holder]**

Or

**Copyright (C) [Year of the initial release]-[Year of the current release] [Copyright holder]**

If this is the first/initial release, enter [Year of the first/initial release]. If this is not the first/initial release, enter [Year of the first/initial release]-[Year of the current release] or simply [Year of the first/initial release].

The copyright holder is a legal entity, which can be an individual or a company. If a developer contributes code on behalf of a company, the copyright holder is the developer's company. In this case, enter the legal entity of the company in the copyright notice.

Format and location of the copyright notice:

Copyright header: The copyright notice is preferentially placed in the header of the code file and therefore is called the copyright header.

Scenarios where a copyright notice is not required:

Adding the copyright and license notices affects the functions of the file. For example, JSON files do not support comments, and therefore you should not add the copyright and license header to a JSON file.

A file that is generated by the tool and contains the description indicating the automatic generation.

A brief description file for users to read. Adding the copyright and license header affects the readability of the file, for example, **README**.

**(2) License Notice**

Every open-source code repository must have a clear license notice, which can be a license header or a license notice file.

**License notice file**:

An independent legal notice file is used to declare the license.

The license notice file of each open-source repository must be in plain text format and named **LICENSE**, without any file name extension such as .txt or .md. The license notice file contains the full text of the declared license.

Location of the license notice file:

The license notice file should be placed in the root directory of the code repository.

Precautions for the license notice file:

1. If the source code of an open-source repository uses multiple licenses, you are advised to use multiple license notice files, each of which corresponds to a license. For example, describe the main license in the file named **LICENSE**; name the other licenses in the format of **LICENSE-*LicenseType*-*Remarks*** and place them in the root directory of the code repository or the root directory of the corresponding source code. Describe the locations and application scenarios of these licenses in the main license notice file.

2. The license file of each open-source repository must cover all files in the repository. Ensure that the description of each license is accurate and concise, and does not contain unnecessary information such as licenses of source code that is not released in the repository. For example, the license of the dependency software to be downloaded separately should not be included in the repository's license notice file.

3. If the open-source repository is released in binary mode, ensure that the license file is stored in a common location of the release format, for example, the top directory of the release folder or compressed package. For a .jar file, the license notice file can be stored in the **META-INF** directory.

**License header**:

The license information applicable to the code module may also be added to the code header and therefore is called the license header. Generally, the license header must be consistent with the license declared in the license notice file of the open-source repository.

If a code module uses dual licenses, the license header must clearly describe the applicable conditions of each license and include the text of each license in the license header.

**(3) Examples of Copyright and License Notices**

Copyright [yyyy]- [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

**(4) Third-Party Open-Source Software Usage Statement**

To distribute third-party open-source software in the form of source code, use its original copyright notice and license notice, without any modification. If minor modifications are made to the third-party open-source software, use the same license as the third-party open-source software.

If the distributed binary files contain third-party open-source software, provide a file named **NOTICE**. Include the following information in plain text in this file: name, version, rights holder statements, and license information of every third-party open-source software. The **NOTICE** file is usually stored in the top directory of the release folder or compressed package. For a .jar file, the license notice file can be stored in the **META-INF** directory.
