en/contribute/how-to-contribute.md, before:

# How to Contribute

## Contributing Code

## Before You Start

**Signing the Developer Certificate of Origin**

You must sign the Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO) before you can contribute to the community.

Click [here](https://dco.arkui-x.cn) to sign the DCO, and click [here](https://dco.arkui-x.cn/check-sign-status) to check the signing status.

**Code of Conduct**

ArkUI-X is an open source community that relies entirely on the friendly, welcoming environment of the community. Read and abide by the community's [Code of Conduct](code-of-conduct.md) before contributing to the community.

## Starting Contributing

For details about how to contribute to code, see [Code Contributing ](code-contribution.md).

## Auto-Test

Develop test cases based on test requirements.

## Contributing Documents

For details, see [Documentation Contribution](documentation-contribution.md).

## Communication in Community

For details, see [Communication in Community](communication-in-community.md).

Commit message:

update docs against PRs 57+58+60
Signed-off-by: wusongqing<wusongqing@huawei.com>

en/contribute/how-to-contribute.md, after:

# How to Contribute

## Contributing Code

## Before You Start

**Signing the Developer Certificate of Origin**

You must sign the Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO) before you can contribute to the community.

Obtain the **signing-dco.md** file in [docs/en/contribute](https://gitee.com/openharmony/docs/tree/master/en/contribute), sign it, and send the signed file to [contact@mail.arkui-x.cn](mailto:contact@mail.arkui-x.cn). (The online mode for signing the DCO will be provided later.)

**Code of Conduct**

ArkUI-X is an open source community that relies entirely on the friendly, welcoming environment of the community. Read and abide by the community's [Code of Conduct](code-of-conduct.md) before contributing to the community.

## Starting Contributing

For details about how to contribute to code, see [Code Contributing ](code-contribution.md).

## Auto-Test

Develop test cases based on test requirements.

## Contributing Documents

For details, see [Documentation Contribution](documentation-contribution.md).

## Communication in Community

For details, see [Communication in Community](communication-in-community.md).
